welcome to cooking with your boy boy I'm
Nick doing chef special in this your boy
boy cook show let's get it I have to the
wife and they're complaining hungry and
some I'm just gonna speed through the
process we're making chili cheese dogs
and I'm gonna show you how to make some
kool-aid the most exquisite drink on the
planet
let's get it alright so we're into
getting these hot dogs
it's kool-aid don't you have
1:29 errs you make hotdogs you gotta
make some bright hot dogs ain't hotdogs
infinite of Nathan's I mean I know about
this right here these hot dogs right
here
same hot dogs I use in the hot dog
eating contest they be happy
guineas the same kind of dogs if you use
it in the hot dog eating contest I'm
gonna be able to Coney Island stuffing
them down their throat kind of a sip
here beef none of that mystery meat the
endangered species animal all between
your buns raw beef I got this little a
trip grill just kron four's make this
chili quick and easy dicey is really
fast everything is going speed moe let's
go
what you--what is good no is it
our small we got some hot dogs going up
you like to make some kool-aid on the
side so cool eh
we've got that red combination pop it up
strawberry lemonade two packs in it
water
all right so we got this random thing is
shaking start a headed to school a
that should do it
now he is Foom
it's red now we gotta do is heat up just
chilly wouldn't you get this right here
yeah con carne mate so we're gonna heat
this up in a bow quick wait microwave
wifey enter sign heavy and you know
we're gonna grate this cheese blow up
between them buds and serve them tall
glass that cool a call it a wrap banging
there's chili cheese dogs side of fries
tall glasses of the way